all right got a 1994 Geo Metro the fresh
paint job on it some new tires it's got
a trick adjustable exhaust system they
shoot the traps and flowmasters cut
trailer hitch on the rear of it it's
wired for trailer this uh some of you
might be familiar this car used to be
what we called our victim the just went
through the whole car it's got any
struts in it the same your tires got a
Sony Bluetooth stereo on it with new
speakers all the way around see the
speakers and stuff scupper a new seat
covers and stuff in it well a TomTom GPS
on the heat inside it they're still
detailing it out but I need to get a
video of it upset some people asking
about it it's got the front trailer
hitch on it you know put a rack up here
or whatnot it's got the super high
output horns on it
I'll just honk them I love how loud
they're I know I've had him in previous
videos it's like a firetruck
oh let's see excuse my dropped a new
transmission and it's got a brand new
motor on it because it's got the timing
belt update on it this was my own car so
this has got just about every trick
there it's got a hillclimber head on it
it's got the bigger timing belt off of
no I don't know that'd be like a mm I da
tour later four-cylinder setup the tiny
boats choice is big run a four groove
belt on it instead of a three so the
belt doesn't squeal it's got the HID
lights on it they're not the cheap
Chinese ones so they're bright and they
work right it's even got a clutch kill
set it up on it if you want to drive it
with that or you shut the computer down
when you shove the clutch all the way in
just take up fuse in and out here to
turn it on and on face to use it with me
but competing
economy but else like everything
underneath the woods brand-new it runs
absolutely perfect fact the only thing I
even thought that uh it's got a one ship
in the glows but besides that I just
shot some fresh paint on it and just
going through it and you're familiar
with what we do here I've built a steam
car for the Seahawks this year so I'm
driving that so I don't know I need two
of them just walk around and give you
there's got to be some stuff I'm missing
but it has that all Geo doesn't my idea
of what footage you should
she keeps pakery toes really nice too
and doesn't need anything and it's a all
right letter that's broke in done get
the whole car in the picture
I love this new green color were using
but if you're looking for a Gio and you
want some of the options and stuff this
one's got it good God
you know the motors all balanced in it
it's got the titanium home I'm pretty
sure it's not even a question that's
probably got our torque of crank in it I
can't imagine that stuff in
so for everybody that always asks if
we're gonna build a car up with
everything in it this is about as close
to everything is wheeling doing for a
car that's for sale so you're not having
custom built and I don't know if I
mentioned has new struts on it too
probably should have made a list
everything that we just put it in but
that's that you can see though just like
the dirty in here because the overspray
from the painting at
I was paying for
don't scratch the pain and oh it's got a
new fuel pump in it it's got the fuel
pump relocated on it so the fuel filter
relocates and all the smoke focus at the
New York apartment I could probably
spend all day long here finding little
things they're different about this car
than regular deal and yep if that's
something you're interested holler at us
you're interesting the bone-stock one I
can appreciate that too and I'll have
one of those in a week or two
thank you